my earliest memory I can remember being
in a pram but it might be I'm
remembering stories that were told about
me being attacked my mother says we
weren't women we were machine gun in
Kingswood High Street to the east of
Bristol by a bomber or a fighter German
one returning home I don't know where
that's true and I don't remember it but
when I was a teenager
it was Brigitte Bardot she was the icon
I have loved to adapt I love guns but
because I because I work at home I'm in
my own office all day it's my break I
meet people who have a chat and that's
understandable
what would I do if I was invisible for
the day I find it very boring because
I've got to get reaction from people
I've got to you know talk with people
and just to observe them it's not my
ideas life really so I know I hate fancy
dress I've always hated fancy dress
because you get dressed up in it and you
arrive and people hey that's good end of
story but for the next four hours you're
stuck in them thing so I hate fancy
dress but podiatry second I think I
could wear just about anything
prescriptive